README.md, before:

# Discord-Bot-Scraper
A simple Discord scraper for discord bots. That includes sending a guild's members ids to a file, Mass inviter for joining servers your bot is in, and Fetching all the servers of the bot (w/MemberCount) to the console. (Mass DM included)
This is written python so install python to make it work. 

# Setup - Modules
> Install all the modules from requirements.txt in this repo.

# Setup - `scrapeids.py` file
1) `line 36`: Replace `<yourtoken>` with your discord bot's token.
2) `line 37`: Replace `<yourid>` with your discord id of the account that you want to get dmed with important info.

NOTE: There is no external data sharing in this repo.

# Extra help
* If the scraping of the guild members doesn't work check if it has `[]` only in `ids.json` file and try again.
* If any of the mass dm doesn't work then check either `allids.json` or `ids.json` has `[]` in it and try again.

# Update
`` NEW FEATURES = 12th december 2021``
> 1) Mass DM all
> 2) Mass DM server owners
> 3) Message Spammer

# Contact
Contact me on discord Goat#8888 if you have any issues or anything.

# NOTICE
This is for Educational Purposes Only, I am not responsible for what people use this for.

Commit message:

Fixed & updates in readme.md

README.md, after:

# Discord-Bot-Scraper
A simple Discord scraper for discord bots. That includes sending a guild's members ids to a file, Mass inviter for joining servers your bot is in, and Fetching all the servers of the bot (w/MemberCount) to the console. (Mass DM included)
This is written python so install python to make it work. 

# Setup - Modules
> Install all the modules from requirements.txt in this repo.

# Setup - `data/config.json` file
1) `line 2`: Replace `<yourtoken>` with your discord bot's token.
2) `line 3`: Replace `<yourid>` with your discord id of the account that you want to get dmed with important info.

NOTE: There is no external data sharing in this repo.

# Extra help
* If the scraping of the guild members doesn't work check if it has `[]` only in `ids.json` file and try again.
* If any of the mass dm doesn't work then check either `allids.json` or `ids.json` has `[]` in it and try again.

# Update
`` NEW FEATURES = 12th december 2021``
> 1) Mass DM all
> 2) Mass DM server owners
> 3) Message Spammer

`` NEW FEATURES = 6th january 2022``
> 1) Fixed issues
> 2) No guilds found error handler


# Contact
Contact me on discord Goat#8888 if you have any issues or anything.

# NOTICE
This is for Educational Purposes Only, I am not responsible for what people use this for.
